We are cutting this ticket to request a production SES account. Without a production SES, we are unable to send critical system emails to users. We are in the process of launching a Discourse server on AWS for our community. Discourse requires the use of a system email to be able to send out critical emails including account activation emails, sending out password change emails, sending out notifications, and configuration emails to allow users to connect to their Patreon account. These functions are critical for users to interact with the Discourse platform. In addition to these system critical emails, users have the ability to customize their notification settings in the Discourse platform. Users may configure their profile to receive system notifications on posts, topics they're subscribed to, and when users mention them and/or reply to post and/or send a private message. We have already configured Discourse on a Lightsail instance with the AWS SES service to send out these system emails. However, when the system is attempting to use SES it receives this error: "554 Message rejected: Email address is not verified. The following identities failed the check in region" The reason for this is because SES is in sandbox mode and we need a production SES in order for us to be able to use AWS to host our Discourse server.

Emails will only go to members of our community. Members who are on discourse can opt-in and configure their account to receive as much or as little email notifications as they desire. The most important emails such as account verification, email change, accepting permissions changes are opt out. Our Discourse server is handling all of the email processing, Discourse handles the received bounce. We have admins who are dedicated to customer service of our community and are able to handle complaints if they arise. Both users and admins have the ability to turn off user notifications within Discourse.

We submitted a ticket on this issue, however the aws system rejected the ticket and ask us to appeal. We are filing this ticket to appeal. Please open up the product SES for our account or else we will not be able to launch our Discourse server to our community using AWS.
